Adding Plugin section to the readme (#82)
careem/mockingbird: README.md

    }
```

### Mock generation plugin ( Experimental )

The Mock generation plugin generates the Mock boilerplate code for you, the plugin can be used along with manual mocks,
it is currently in and experimental mode and it has several limitations.

> to use this plugin you have to use mockingbird version `2.0.0-beta04` or above, to see examples checkout `generate-mocks`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this plugin you have to use mockingbird version `2.0.0-beta04` or above, to see examples checkout `generate-mocks`
```

and explore the `samples` folder, `samples` is a project itself, you can open `samples` as a standalone project.

> NOTE: the plugin doesn't discover which class to mock, but it depends on you to configure those

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: the plugin doesn't discover which interfaces to mock, it's up to you to configure those.
```

#### Limitations

* You can use the plugin only on a module containing a `jvm` target

> * The plugin can generate mocks only not support for spies yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The plugin can generate mocks only, no support for spies yet
```

* You can mock interfaces only

> * You cannot mock interfaces that have generic types on their definitions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You cannot mock interfaces that have generic types in their definitions
```
